Clarify steps for publishing a custom viz (#1180)
newrelic/developer-website: src/markdown-pages/build-apps/build-visualization.mdx

  <Step>

> Open and follow the guide to [publish and deploy the Nerdpack to New Relic One and subscribe accounts to it](/build-apps/publish-deploy). Note that you must first subscribe to your new app, log out and log back in to New Relic One, before being able to view the visualization in the Custom Visualizations app itself (where you saw it running locally).

Reviewer: Can we change this to `Note that you must first subscribe to your new app before being able to view the visualization in the Custom Visualizations app itself (where you saw it running locally)`

> Open and follow the guide to [publish and deploy the Nerdpack to New Relic One and subscribe accounts to it](/build-apps/publish-deploy). Note that you must first subscribe to your new app, log out and log back in to New Relic One, before being able to view the visualization in the Custom Visualizations app itself (where you saw it running locally).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open and follow the guide to [publish and deploy the Nerdpack to New Relic One and subscribe accounts to it](/build-apps/publish-deploy). Note that you must stop running the Nerdpack locally and remove the nerdpacks=local query parameter, then subscribe to your new Nerdpack before being able to view the visualization in the Custom Visualizations app (where you saw it running locally).
```
